Privacy Policy
 

  Swagtron.com Privacy Policy

 
Last modified:  12/22/2022
Introduction. Swagtron.com ("Swagtron") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your privacy by complying with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you, or the types of information you may provide when visiting the website Swagtron (our "website"), and our practices in collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing this information.

This policy applies to the information we collect (a) on this website, (b) emails, texts and other electronic messages between you and this website, (c) mobile and desktop applications downloaded from this website that provide special non browser based interaction between you and this website, and (d) when you interact with our advertisements and applications on third-party websites and services, If these applications or advertisements contain links to this policy.

It does not apply to (a) information collected offline or by any other means, including on any other website operated by any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), or (b) any third party, including any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from this website.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will handle it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you can choose not to use our website. By visiting or using this website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (please refer to our privacy policy changes). After we make changes, your continued use of this website will be deemed to accept these changes, so please check the policy regularly for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13.  Our website is not applicable to children under 13 years old. No person under the age of 13 is allowed to provide any information to this website. The turbine lock does not intentionally collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years old, please do not use or provide any information on this website, or use any function of this website/register on the website, make any purchase through this website, and provide us with any information about yourself, including your name, address, phone number or email address. If we know that we have collected or received personal information of children under 13 years old without their parents' consent, we will delete the information. If you think we may have any information from or about children under 13, please go to support@swagtron.com Contact us.
Website visitors.  Like most website operators, Swagtron collects the kind of non personally identifiable information usually provided by web browsers and servers, such as browser type, language preferences, reference sites, and the date and time of each visitor's request. Swastron collects non personally identifiable information to better understand how Swastron visitors use their website. Swagtron may publish aggregated non personally identifiable information from time to time, for example, by publishing reports on trends in the use of its website.
Swagtron also collects potentially personally identifiable information, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the logged in user and the user who comments on the Swagtron blog. Swagtron will only disclose the IP addresses of logged in users and reviewers under the same circumstances that Swagtron uses and discloses personally identifiable information, as described below, but the IP addresses and email addresses of blog reviewers are visible and disclosed to the administrator of the blog leaving the comments.
Collect personally identifiable information. Some visitors to the Swastron website choose to interact with Swastron in a way that requires Swastron to collect personally identifiable information. The amount and type of information Swagtron collects depends on the nature of the interaction. Persons dealing with Swagtron are required to provide additional information, including personal and financial information needed to process these transactions when necessary. In each case, Swastron collects such information only to the extent necessary or appropriate for the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Swastron. Swagtron will not disclose personally identifiable information except as described below. Visitors can refuse to provide personally identifiable information at any time, but it should be noted that this may prevent them from engaging in some activities related to the website.
Swagtron collects information about you and how Swagtron collects it.  Swagtron collects various types of information from users of our website, including (a) information that can identify you personally, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, and any other identifier that contacts you online or offline ("personal information"); (b) Related to you but unable to identify your personal identity; And/or (c) details about your Internet connection, the devices you use to access our website, and your use. When you provide us with this information, Swagtron may automatically collect this information when you browse the website. The information that is automatically collected may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies and other tracking techniques. We may also collect information from third parties, such as our business partners.

 

The information you provided us. The information we collect on or through our website may include the information you provide by using this website to fill in the form on our website. This includes information provided when purchasing our products. Swagtron may also ask for information when you participate in competitions or promotions sponsored by us and report problems on our website.

 

Swagtron collects information through automated data collection techniques.  When you visit our website and interact with it, we may use automatic data collection technology to collect some information about your device, browsing operation and mode, including the details of your visit to our website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data, as well as the resources you visit and use on the website, and information about your computer and Internet connection, including your IP address Operating system and browser type.

We and our partners use cookies or similar tracking techniques to analyze trends, manage our website, and track user activity on the website.

When you visit participating websites (including this website), Turbolock may place one or more cookies on your computer. Cookies are small text files that websites can use to store information on users' computers and retrieve it later. We use cookies to store information that can be used to place advertisements related to your interests (our IBA service). We will not store any PII in cookies. You can control the use of cookies at the level of a single browser, but if you choose to disable cookies, you may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website.

The information we automatically collect is statistical data, which may include personal information. We may maintain this information or associate it with the personal information we collect in other ways or receive from a third party. It helps us to improve our website and provide better and more personalized services, including enabling us to estimate our audience size and use mode, storing information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our website according to your personal interests, speeding up your search, and identifying you when you return to our website.

Our techniques for automated data collection may include:

· Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on your computer's hard disk. You can reject browser cookies by activating the corresponding settings on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may not be able to access some parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings to reject cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.

· Flash cookies. Some features of our website may use local storage objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to and from our website. The management browser settings of Flash Cookie are different from those of browser Cookie. For information about managing the privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Options on how Swagtron uses and discloses your information.

· Network beacon. The pages of our website and our emails may contain small electronic files called network beacons (also known as transparent GIFs, pixel tags and single pixel GIFs), for example, allowing Swagtron to calculate the users who have visited these pages or opened emails] and other relevant website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying the integrity of the system and server).

Swagtron does not automatically collect personal information, but we may associate this information with personal information about you that we collect from other sources or that you provide us.

Third parties use cookies and other tracking technologies.  Some content or applications (including advertisements) on this website are provided by a third party, including advertisers, advertising networks and servers, content providers and application providers. When you use our website, these third parties may use cookies to collect information about you. The information they collect may be related to your personal information, or they may collect information about your online activities over a period of time and across different websites and other online services, including personal information. They may use this information to provide you with interest based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. The turbine lock does not control the tracking technology of these third parties or how they are used. If you have any questions about advertising or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.

How the turbo lock uses your information.  Swagtron uses the information we collect about you or the information you provide to us, including any personal information, to show you our website and its content, to provide you with the information, products or services you require us to provide, to achieve any other purpose for which you provide information, to perform our obligations and perform our rights arising from any contract signed between you and us, including billing and collection, Notify you of changes to our website or any products or services we provide or provide through it in any other way we may describe when you provide information, and for any other purpose with your consent.

Swagtron may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-party goods and services that you may be interested in. If you do not want us to use your information this way, please click the "Unsubscribe" link in the footer of any of these marketing emails. For more information, see Choices on how to use and disclose your information for turbine locks.

Swagtron may use the information we collect from you to enable us to present advertisements to advertisers' target audiences. Even without your consent, we will not disclose your personal information for these purposes, but if you click on advertisements or interact with advertisements in other ways, advertisers may think that you meet their target standards.

 

Disclose your information. Swagtron may disclose summary information about our users without restriction, as well as information that cannot identify any individual. Swagtron may disclose the personal information collected by us or provided by you as described in this privacy policy (a) to our subsidiaries and affiliates, contractors, service providers and other third parties used by us to support our business, (b) to the buyer or other successors in the case of merger, divestiture, reorganization, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of part or all of Swagtron's assets, Whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceedings, the personal information about users of our website held by Swagtron belongs to the transferred assets, (c) if you do not opt out of these disclosures, you will promote its products or services to a third party, (d) achieve the purpose for which you provide information, and (e) any other purpose that we disclose when you provide information. Swagtron may also disclose your personal information: (a) comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any governmental or regulatory requirements; (b) Execute or apply our Terms of Use, Terms of Sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; (c) If we believe that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Swagtron, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations to protect fraud and reduce credit risk. (d) Achieve the purpose for which you provide information, and (e) use it for any other purpose that we disclose when you provide information. Swagtron may also disclose your personal information: (a) comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any governmental or regulatory requirements; (b) Execute or apply our Terms of Use, Terms of Sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; (c) If we believe that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Swagtron, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations to protect fraud and reduce credit risk. (d) Achieve the purpose for which you provide information, and (e) use it for any other purpose that we disclose when you provide information. Swagtron may also disclose your personal information: (a) comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any governmental or regulatory requirements; (b) Execute or apply our Terms of Use, Terms of Sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; (c) If we believe that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Swagtron, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations to protect fraud and reduce credit risk. Swagtron may also disclose your personal information: (a) comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any governmental or regulatory requirements; (b) Execute or apply our Terms of Use, Terms of Sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; (c) If we believe that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Swagtron, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations to protect fraud and reduce credit risk. Swagtron may also disclose your personal information: (a) comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any governmental or regulatory requirements; (b) Execute or apply our Terms of Use, Terms of Sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; (c) If we believe that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Swagtron, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations to protect fraud and reduce credit risk. (c) If we believe that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Swagtron, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations to protect fraud and reduce credit risk. (c) If we believe that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Swagtron, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations to protect fraud and reduce credit risk.

Choice of how to use and disclose your information about the turbo lock. Swagtron strives to provide you with choices about the personal information you provide us. The turbine lock has created a mechanism to provide you with the following information controls:

· Track technology and advertising. You can set your browser to reject all or part of your browser Cookie, or to alert you when Cookie are sent. To learn how to manage Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash Player settings page on the Adobe website. If you disable or reject cookie, please note that some parts of this website may not be accessible or operate normally.

· Disclose your information for third-party advertising. We will not share your personal information with non associated or non agent third parties for promotional purposes.

· Swagtron Promotions。 If you do not want Swagtron to use your email address to promote our own or third-party products or services, you can opt out by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in any of these email footers. If we send you a promotional email, you can send us a reply email and ask to omit it in future email distribution.

· Targeted advertising。 If you do not want us to use the information we collect or the information you provide us to advertise according to the advertisers' target audience preferences, you can opt out according to the instructions on the following link:http://www.criteo.com/deactivate-criteo-banners/

· 

Swagtron does not control the collection or use of your information by third parties to provide interest based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with a way to choose not to collect or use your information in this way. You can choose not to receive targeted ads ("Nai") from members of the Internet Advertising Promotion Association on NAI's website.

Your California privacy.  Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code allows California resident users of our website to request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email support@swagtron.com Or write to us: Swagtron, 3431 William Richardson Dr., Ste B, South bond, Indiana 46628.

Data security. Unfortunately, transmitting information over the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transferred to our website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. Swagtron is not responsible for circumventing any privacy settings or security measures contained in this website.

 

Change our privacy policy.  It is our policy to post any changes to our privacy policy on this page. If we make major changes to the way we handle users' personal information, we will notify you through the notice on the website home page. The last revision date of the privacy policy is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring that we provide you with the latest valid and deliverable email address, and regularly visit our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.

 

Can Spam Act. The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets rules for commercial e-mail, stipulates requirements for commercial e-mail, grants recipients the right to stop sending e-mail to them, and provides severe penalties for violations. We collect your email address to send information, respond to queries and/or other requests or questions. In order to comply with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:

· Do not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.

· Identify messages as advertisements in a reasonable way.

·Include the actual address of our business or site headquarters.

· Monitor the compliance of third-party email marketing services, if used.

· Express cashout opt out/unsubscribe requests.

· Allow users to unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of each email.

· If you want to unsubscribe from future emails at any time, you can unsubscribe according to the instructions at the bottom of each email, and we will immediately delete you from all future communications.

contact information:  To raise questions or comments about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, please contact us through the following ways:

Swagtron

3431 Dr. William Richardson, Stuart B

South Bend, IN 46628

U. S.A

8442990625

 

 
